GH-128131: Completely support random read access of uncompressed unencrypted files in ZipFile (#128143)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2024-12-21-03-20-12.gh-issue-128131.QpPmNt.rst

> Support forward seek in uncompressed unencrypted ZipExtFile

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Support forward seek in uncompressed unencrypted :class:`!zipfile.ZipExtFile`.
```

We don't have a documented entry for `ZipExtFile` so we can only suppress the link, but it's good to indicate that it's part of the zipfile module.

> Completely support random access of uncompressed unencrypted :class:`!zipfile.ZipExtFile`.

Reviewer: Maybe we don't need to say that it's only for ZipExtFile but only for ZipFile? I don't think we can construct an explicit instance of that class except via `.open()`. Instead,
let's say something about `zipfile.ZipFile.open` in 'r' mode, e.g.:

```suggestion
Completely support random access of uncompressed unencrypted read-only
zip files obtained by :meth:`ZipFile.open <zipfile.ZipFile.open>`.
```
